Add Entry: HTML Tags: <blink> (#617)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/blink/blink.md

---
Title: '<blink>'

> Description: 'Used to make text to flash on and off and is now obsolete, deprecated, and non-standard.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to make text flash on and off and is now obsolete, deprecated, and non-standard.'
```

> Description: 'Obsolete tag that originally caused text to flash on and off. It is now depreciated and should not be used.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Obsolete tag that originally caused text to flash on and off. It is now deprecated and non-standard.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
  - 'Obsolete'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `<blink>` tag is an obsolete tag that was used historically to make the text it contained flash on and off. It is non-standard, depreciated, and not part of the HTML specifications and should not be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<blink>` tag is an obsolete tag that was used historically to make text flash on and off. It is non-standard, depreciated, and not part of the HTML specifications.
```

> The `<blink>` tag is an obsolete tag that was used historically to make text flash on and off. It is non-standard, depreciated, and not part of the HTML specifications.
> 
> Using this element is a bad design practice and is discouraged by accessibility standards. The CSS specification allows browsers to ignore this tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<blink>` tag was used historically used to make text flash on and off. However, it is now considered to be obsolete and non-standard. It is now, or in the middle of being, depreciated from most browsers is not a part of the HTML specifications.

Using this tag is a bad design practice and is heavily discouraged by accessibility standards. The CSS specification allows browsers to ignore this tag.
```

I feel like there are some things that we could/should link to in these paragraphs:

- "HTML specifications" (are we talking about [this](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/)?)
- "accessibility standards" (are we talking about [this](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/)?)
- "CSS specification" (most recent snapshot from 2021 appears be [this](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-2021/))

> Using this element is bad design practice and is discouraged by accesability standards. The CSS specification allows browsers to ignore this tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this element is a bad design practice and is discouraged by accessibility standards. The CSS specification allows browsers to ignore this tag.
```

## Syntax

```html

> <!-- Don't use this tag! -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Not advised to use this tag! -->
```

> <blink><!-- blinking text goes here --></blink>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<blink><!-- Blinking text goes here --></blink>
```
